ruby ./game_mgr.rb
ruby ./main.rb
ls
ruby main.rb 
ruby ./main.rb
ruby ./main.rbruby ./main.rb
ruby ./main.rb
ruby ./main.rb
ruby ./gameMgr.rb
ruby ./main.rb
ruby ./main.rb
ruby ./main.rb
ruby ./main.rb
ruby ./main.rb
ruby ./main.rb
ruby ./Ball.rb
ruby ./Ball.rb
ruby ./Ball.rb
ruby ./Ball.rb
ruby ./Ball.rb
ruby ./Ball.rb
ruby ./main.rb
ruby ./break_next_redo.rb
ruby ./method.rb
ruby ./method.rb
ruby ./method.rb
ruby ./method.rb
ruby ./method.rb
ruby ./method.rb
ruby ./method.rb
ruby ./method.rb
ruby ./method.rb
ruby ./method.rb
ruby ./method.rb
ruby ./method.rb
ruby ./method.rb
ruby ./method.rb
ruby ./method.rb
ruby ./method.rb
ruby ./method.rb
ruby ./method.rb
ruby ./method.rb
ruby ./method.rb
ruby ./method.rb
ruby ./method.rb
ruby ./method.rb
ruby ./dist.rb
ruby ./dist.rb
ruby ./dist.rb
ruby ./dist.rb
ruby ./dist.rb
ruby ./dist.rb
ruby ./dist.rb
ruby ./dist.rb
ruby ./dist.rb
ruby ./dist.rb
ruby ./dist.rb
ruby ./dist.rb
ruby ./fact.rb
ruby ./fact.rb
ruby ./fact.rb
ruby ./fact.rb
ruby ./fact.rb
ruby ./fact.rb
ruby ./fact.rb
ruby ./fact.rb
ruby ./fact.rb
ruby ./fact.rb
cls
ruby ./inject.rb
ruby ./inject.rb
ruby ./inject.rb
ruby ./inject.rb
ruby ./inject.rb
ruby ./inject.rb
ruby ./inject.rb
ruby ./inject.rb
ruby ./inject.rb
ruby ./inject.rb
ruby ./inject.rb
ruby ./inject.rb
ruby ./inject.rb
ruby ./inject.rb
ruby ./inject.rb
ruby ./inject.rb
ruby ./inject.rb
ruby ./inject.rb
ruby ./class.rb
cls
ruby ./class.rb
ruby ./class.rb
ruby ./class.rb
ruby ./inject.rb
ruby ./inject.rb
ruby ./inject.rb
ruby ./inject.rb
cls
ruby ./inject.rb
ruby ./inject.rb
ruby ./inject.rb
ruby ./hello_class.rb
ruby ./inject.rb
ruby ./inject.rb
ruby ./inject.rb
ruby ./inject.rb
cls
ruby ./hello_class.rb
ruby ./hello_class.rb
ruby ./hello_class.rb
ruby ./hello_class.rb
ruby ./hello_class.rb
ruby ./hello_class.rb
ruby ./hello_class.rb
ruby ./hello_class.rb
ruby ./hello_class.rb
ruby ./hello_class.rb
ruby ./hello_class.rb
ruby ./hello_class.rb
ruby ./hello_class.rb
ruby ./hello_class.rb
ruby ./hello_class.rb
ruby ./hello_class.rb
cls
ruby ./class_method.rb
ruby ./class_method.rb
ruby ./class_method.rb
ruby ./class_method.rb
ruby ./class_method.rb
